blahaj: add page (#16455)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/blahaj.md

# BLAHAJ

> > A lolcat-like queer CLI tool that colorizes your input, shows flags, and prints colorful sharks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A lolcat-like output colorizer tool that also prints flags and colorful sharks.
```

> More information: <https://codeberg.org/GeopJr/BLAHAJ>.

- Get a list of possible flags/colors:

`blahaj --flags`

- Print a blahaj with lesbian colors to console:

`blahaj --shark --colors lesbian`

- Print a random flag with a 2x size multiplier:

> `blahaj --random --flag --multiplier=2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`blahaj --random --flag --multiplier 2`
```
Prefer no `=` if the program supports it. Documentation tells you to use `=`, but in practice most programs support space separated arguments

- Print the result of a text-producing command with lesbian colors:

> `cowsay | blahaj {{[-c|--colors]}} lesbian`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`{{cowsay}} | blahaj {{[-c|--colors]}} lesbian`
```

> `{{cowsay}} | blahaj {{[-c|--colors]}} lesbian`

Reviewer 2: `cowsay` will read stdin by default, and there is nothing to read here.
```suggestion
`{{cowsay "Hello, world"}} | blahaj {{[-c|--colors]}} lesbian`
```

> - Echo text to console, color by individual character:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Echo text to console and color individual characters:
```

Author: i'm not positive this conveys to a new user of the command what -i actually does, i think "color by individual character" better conveys what the command does than "color individual characters". Technically characters are always colored, they just dont change to the next color in the flag after every character normally, which is what -i does.

Reviewer 2: >  i think "color by individual character" better conveys what the command does than "color individual characters"

Alright, how about this? Every other example description uses "Print ..."
```suggestion
- Print text and color by individual character:
```

`echo "{{Hello, world}}" | blahaj {{[-i|--individual]}}`

> - Print contents of text document, color by word, color background instead of text:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print contents of a text document and color the background of words:
```

Author: This is incorrect. Blahaj colors by line normally, and you can pass -i to color by individual letter, and -w to color by individual word.
So, in this command we're printing the contents of a text document, coloring by word, and coloring the background instead of the text

Reviewer 2: How about this?

```suggestion
- Print contents of a text document, coloring the background instead of text, by word:
```

> `blahaj --words --background /path/to/file`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`blahaj --words --background path/to/file`
```
This marks that the program supports relative filepaths
